Photo: {img\student.jpg}

Image reference: http://www.getfurther.co.uk/benefits_skills.php

Name: Jenny Stevens

Age: 20

Occupation: Student

Main Goals:

To fit tennis around her timetable on a regular basis
To find cheap sports facilities locally

Description:

Jenny is a 20-year-old university student. She began playing tennis over the
summer and would like to start playing regularly, she is not interested in any
other sports.

Her university is situated in a large city. Jenny lives in a shared house close
to the university’s campus. As a student, she has a limited budget and would
prefer to play somewhere close to the university. This would keep her travel
costs down and she would be able to fit in a round of tennis in between
attending lectures. She would also prefer places that would offer her a student
discount or reduced price for multiple bookings.

Jenny organises her daily activities and social events on her mobile phone and
would find it convenient to book sports facilities and keep track of her
bookings through an app.

Scenarios:

This semester, Jenny has no lectures on Monday mornings, Wednesday afternoons
and between 11am and 2pm on Thursdays.  She would like to book a tennis court
for one of these times.

Jenny has decided she could also fit in a round of tennis this weekend at any
time other than Saturday evening, as she plans to go out with her friends.

Jenny has a major assessment deadline next week and decides to spend her time
during the day working. However, she would like to book for an evening session
for any day during the week.

Pain points (?)

·      Jenny is only interested in tennis, and sometimes finds it difficult to
locate this amongst all the other sports on offer

·      She has a limited budget - she would prefer facilities that provide
student discounts or other offers

·      She would like to use sports facilities within walking distance from
university, to fit around her timetable and to keep travel costs down
