Photo {img\Janet.png}
Reference: http://www.theconstructionindex.co.uk/news/view/pay-now-argue-later

Name
Janet

Occupation
IT Consultant

Age
33

Description

Janet lives in a flat in Sheffield but must commute to Leeds during the week
for work. Her job as an IT consultant  can be stressful and very time consuming
	and often requires working late into the evenings. Due to her busy work
	schedule, Janet is restricted to playing sport on occasional evenings and
	at weekends. She doesn’t have any children and currently lives on her own
	after recently coming out of a long term relationship. And for that reason,
	she wants to get out of the flat as much as possible and take her mind off
	things by staying busy and active.

Janet wants to play sport on her drive home from work as she does not have time
to go home first. The fact she has a reasonably long commute gives Janet a
large area in which she can play sport, and therefore a greater selection of
sport centres to choose from. Due to her successful career, Janet has a decent
income so is not restricted by budget and is willing to pay extra for playing
at peak times. Her eagerness to stay active and keep busy means she is very
much up for playing any sports, even if she has never played them before.

Although Janet works in the IT industry, her experience with using apps on a
smart phone is limited.

Main Goals

To play sport on her way home from work and at weekends
To ease the stress of work and recent break-up
Get involved in group sports to meet new people

Scenarios

Janet feels like playing a team sport on Friday, she doesn’t mind what sport
but doesn’t fancy doing something on her own. She has two friends who would
like to get involved but would be willing to join other groups.

It’s a Tuesday evening and Janet has a table tennis session booked for 7pm. She
has just been called in to an urgent meeting at work and doesn’t think she can
make the timeslot she has booked. She would like to see if she can push her
timeslot back an hour, if not she must cancel.

Janet has checked the weather forecast for next Saturday and it is looking to
be a beautiful day. She has a coffee date at 2pm so can play any time before
then and would like to play a sport outside.

Weaknesses

Unpredictable work schedule
